Hey, beggar.
Sister, it's not what you're waiting for here.
What's noisy?
All right.
Master Qin has already bought our game company.
Let's go, sister.
How much does that idiot cost?
15 billion 15
All right.
Startup capital is available.
Go home, sister.
That idiot didn't ask for anything from you, did he?
What request can he make of me?
Aren't you just going to let me give him a bottle of milk again?
That's it.
If not, what else do you think is needed?
Haha.
Ha, you scared the hell out of me.
You're still good.
Just a little trick cost that idiot 1.5 billion.
Let's go, Mom.
The lawyer just came to our company again.
In addition, they also brought him under the ashes a game destroyer that the company sold to stupid Qi Fengming.
Sell it, sell it.
That idiot gave all the money he earned to small shareholders.
What's so strange about buying a bad company?
But he spent 1.5 billion.
He's our headquarters' money.
What?
First he sold it to Master Li.
Now spend another $1.5 billion to buy a stupid game company.
Between him and the Master Master, there was a fate that could not be told.
Yes, I'll tell my father right now.
Now the final result.